CIS Windows documentation (#12307)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/CIS-Benchmarks.md

How to import them to Fleet:
```sh
# Download policy queries from Fleet's repository 
# macOS 13
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fleetdm/fleet/main/ee/cis/macos-13/cis-policy-queries.yml

> # Windows 10 (note the same file name. Rename as needed.)

Reviewer: Couple questions about usage to consider here:
+ Would the contents of these files need to be combined into one file (potentially with the rest of your policies) before running `fleetctl apply`? (IIRC when I was learning about the CLI and used a config file to update queries, its contents overrode all of our existing queries— but we don't seem to have docs for policy config files, so I'm not sure if this works the same way.)
+ Is there an alternative to using `wget` for this that we could show instead? it's not installed by default on macOS, so if there's an alternative path that doesn't involve having `wget` as a prerequisite, it'll be more approachable.

Author: Good questions.

Answer 1 : @lucasmrod can you confirm that `fleetctl apply` will override any existing policies?
If so, than @rachaelshaw you are right and the yml files will have to be merged. 
otherwise we're good to go separately.

Answer 2 : All our files are open to the public for viewing. We can just put the path and let the customer download it however they want:
https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/ee/cis/macos-13/cis-policy-queries.yml
But `wget` looks good to me.

Reviewer 2: > Would the contents of these files need to be combined into one file (potentially with the rest of your policies) before running fleetctl apply? (IIRC when I was learning about the CLI and used a config file to update queries, its contents overrode all of our existing queries— but we don't seem to have docs for policy config files, so I'm not sure if this works the same way.)

No need to combine them, you can do:
```sh
fleetctl apply --context dogfood -f ee/cis/macos-13/cis-policy-queries.yml --policies-team "📊 CIS Benchmarks"
fleetctl apply --context dogfood -f ee/cis/win-10/cis-policy-queries.yml --policies-team "📊 CIS Benchmarks"
```
For policies it will apply the provided policies one by one. If a policy with the same name already exists then it will update its properties.

Author: Thanks @lucasmrod !
@rachaelshaw This makes things safe. Since the code is open source, the customers can chose how they download the files. We give them a way with wget.

TMWYT.

wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fleetdm/fleet/main/ee/cis/win-10/cis-policy-queries.yml

# Apply the downloaded policies to Fleet for both files.

> fleetctl apply -f cis-policy-queries.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fleetctl apply --context <context> -f <path-to-macOS-13-policies> --policies-team <team-name>
fleetctl apply --context <context> -f <path-to-windows-10-policies> --policies-team <team-name>
```

(If you have a better idea for indicating the dynamic parts of the command let me know— I think &lt;whatever&gt; is the convention we've used elsewhere.)

- 3.7 Audit Software Inventory
- 6.2.1 Ensure Protect Mail Activity in Mail Is Enabled

## Windows 10 Enterprise benchmark

Fleet's policies have been written against v1.12.0 of the benchmark. You can refer to the [CIS website](https://www.cisecurity.org/cis-benchmarks) for full details about this version.

### Checks that require a Group Policy Template

38 items require Group Policy Template in place in order to audit them.

> These items are marked with the label 'CIS_group_policy_template_required' in the respective yml file and are mentioned here:

Reviewer: I think this comment re: the list below got lost (my fault— I noticed a typo first and ended up adding 2 suggestions for the same line). Let me know your thoughts:

---

Since this information appears to be included in the resolution of each of these policies, I'd reconsider whether we want to duplicate it all.

I think we should remove the list below and change this text to something like:

```suggestion
These items are tagged with the label `CIS_group_policy_template_required` in the YAML file, and details about the required Group Policy templates can be found in each item's `resolution`.
```
Less documentation surface area to maintain, and I don't think the user experience of searching for that tag in the YAML is any worse than going through the list items on this page (as a user I'd want to double-check that the actual file matches what the docs say anyway, been burned too many times 😅 ).

> These items are marked with the label 'CIS_group_policy_template_required' in the respectivve yml file and are mentioned here:

Reviewer: ...although actually, since this information appears to be included in the resolution of each of these policies, I'd reconsider whether we want to duplicate it all. 

I think we should remove the list below and change this text to something like:
```suggestion
These items are tagged with the label `CIS_group_policy_template_required` in the YAML file, and details about the required Group Policy templates can be found in each item's `resolution`.
```

Less documentation surface area to maintain, and I don't think the user experience of searching for that tag in the YAML is any worse than going through the list items on this page (as a user I'd want to double-check that the actual file matches what's in the docs anyway).
